Hello, everybody. I'm Michael. Hey, hey. Well, we're back. We were absent last week, but
taking a little vacation. And we're back. And I'm excited to talk Python with you. And
everybody excited as well. Everybody out in the YouTube world. Thanks for showing up.
So let's kick it off. Hello, and welcome to Python bites where we deliver Python news
and headlines directly to your earbuds. This is episode 343, recorded July 11th, 2023,
and I am Brian Okken. >> And I'm Michael Kennedy.
>> Well, Michael, it's pretty exciting to be here. If you're listening to the show,
thank you. And also, if you'd like to watch and participate, ask questions or whatever,
You could do that by going to pythonbytes.fm/live.
And we'd love to have you, even if it's just once in a while.
- So yeah, sometimes people show up in the live stream
that will possibly get,
their projects will actually get mentioned as well.
And that's always kind of interesting.
I'm feeling this might happen today.
- Yeah, speaking of that, Seth Larson showed up
and we have some Seth Larson news to share.
So that's cool.
Hey, Seth.
- Well, how would you like to start us off today, Michael?
- I would like to start it with a version update.
So let's talk about Pydantic.
We talked about the Pydantic version two story
and performance.
So Pydantic got a major rewrite.
This rewrite was, I don't know, maybe a year in undertaking,
a year long undertaking, quite massive.
got its internals rewritten and rust to be way faster.
We talked about the early alpha version of this
and the early alpha version had, you know,
like a 22 times speed up.
Well, alpha no more.
If you pip install Pydantic, you get Pydantic 2.
So that's pretty exciting, right?
- That's very exciting, yeah.
- Yeah, so there's a blog post that says
the last few months have involved a whirlwind of work.
And finally, we're ready to announce version 2.
So you get started by just installing it, upgrading it.
It requires Python 3.7 and above.
So honestly, that's a pretty old bit of Python
that you can be based on there.
That's great.
Now, there's some pretty major changes
in terms of the API, I guess you would call it,
the way that you work with Pydantic, right?
in some cases, the way you work with base classes
or the functions you call and all those things.
So there's a migration guide
that we can use to go through that.
And if you check out the migration guide,
you'll see, I'll do it like this.
Check out the migration guide.
It starts by recommending this thing called bump-pydantic.
And I guess I should probably also just let you know,
like, this is like a big pydantic episode
that we're going to be covering a lot of Pydantic things.
So there's this thing called Bump Pydantic.
And what you can do is you can run it against your project
and it will traverse all the code
and find all of the Pydantic things,
the classes and functions and so on
that you might write with for your Pydantic code
and it will upgrade them to the new thing.
So we can check that thing out first.
Basically a converter.
It's like a two to three, but for Pydantic.
It's like a one to two, I guess.
And so it'll do things like,
one of the things you should do
is you should have explicitly set the default value.
So previously you could have a class
that give an example of a user that's a base model,
you have a name and you say the name is an optional string.
Well, now what you should write is name,
optional string equals none.
So explicitly setting the default values
when there are things like none.
So if you run this code against it,
it'll go and make those transformations.
It also will replace the config class
with a model config attribute.
So you might've had an inner config class,
and now you have a model config
where you set that to an instance
of the same settings, basically.
So fewer inner classes, more just fields that make things happen, right?
And a bunch of stuff like that, that you can run, it'll do that automatically.
But this is, if you look at the migration guide, this is actually just scratching the surface.
So there's a lot of other things that you need to be aware of.
And I don't know how far they intend for this bump pedantic to go and trying to manage those things.
But for example--
- It's pretty cool that they have it though.
- It is pretty cool they have it, yeah.
Even it's a star, right?
- Yeah, to let people say,
here's the changes you have to make.
And also here's a tool that can do at least most of it.
- Exactly.
So there's things like in old Pydantic,
you had a Dunder fields.
Now you have model fields as a field to the base class.
You had Dunder private attributes
and now you have dunder, pedantic, private.
And there's more relevant ones like there was a copy function
and now there's a model copy.
There was a dict, and now there's a model dump.
So if you had a Pydantic model, you wanted a dictionary,
you could just call dict on it.
Well, that doesn't exist or is deprecated.
And so now you have a model dump.
They did say where possible, they've
tried to retain deprecated methods with their old names
for ease of migration, but you'll
get deprecation warnings.
So don't sleep on that 'cause one day they won't be.
This is a pretty significantly long document.
I don't know how long it is, this migration guide,
but there's a bunch of things you should just go through.
I would just say, try to upgrade to Pydantic 2,
run your code, see if you get any deprecation warnings.
If it runs and you don't get them, you're probably fine.
But if you get errors, then go consult a migration guide.
If you get deprecation warnings, do the same
but maybe with slight less urgency.
So yeah, there's a bunch of stuff that you can go through.
One of them was, one that's interesting
is they introduced this thing called a type adapter.
Let me see if there's a section where they talk about it.
Yeah.
So now they have this thing called a type adapter
which is pretty cool.
I have some example, there we go.
It says in Pydantic version one,
we had weak support for validating
or serializing non-base model types,
like a list of something.
So now you can create this instance
of a type called a type adapter,
and you pass the type it adapts.
So you can say a type adapter of list of int.
And then you can just go to it and say validate Python.
And for the example here, they have a list of numbers,
but they're in strings like the list,
string one, string two, string three.
Then what it gives you back is just the actual list,
one, two, three, like all that magical transformation
that Pydantic is.
>> That's pretty cool.
>> Yeah. So that's another thing people can check out.
Like I said, this is a huge document.
People probably want to go check out.
They've removed a whole bunch of error messages,
or errors, sorry, error types like
pydantic.errors.ipvninterfacer.
(laughs)
For example, I'm not sure where they went though.
It doesn't explicitly say.
And they were moved or mapped over to this other error type.
But again, it's a huge document.
I don't wanna go through the migration guide for everyone.
That's not fun.
But congratulations to the Pydantic team.
This is really awesome that this is finally here.
Now we come to the point where we wait.
will we wait for all of the Pydantic frameworks?
'Cause working with Pydantic is great
and you can do cool stuff with Pydantic directly.
Like you can directly work with it in a Flask app,
for example, but if you work with FastAPI or Beanie
or all these other frameworks that are built on top of it,
you gotta wait for, you know,
they're deep down in the guts of Pydantic a lot of times
'cause of the way they work.
- Except for, not FastAPI though.
- FastAPI is already upgraded, right?
Yeah, it is. It released or just the beta is out for it.
I can't remember.
I think so.
FastAPI released a version 0.100.0.
Come on, guys.
Zero verse still.
Anyway, four days ago.
And it does look like they the last like five days ago,
we got emerged from merged for adding support for
pedantic 2.002 or something.
The first couple of versions for Panentic
didn't work with FastAPI, but it looks like there were some fixes.
Wouldn't surprise me if they kind of just held off
on announcing the version 2 until FastAPI was able to use it,
because that's a huge user of it.
>> Yeah, it's certainly the biggest user.
And Samuel and Sebastian work pretty closely together.
>> I'm excited. I know this is different.
It might be difficult for people that are already using an old Binantic to move over,
even with the bump.
But I guess I haven't used Binantic directly before, and now I'm kind of excited to use
it, even with tools like this auto thing that they're using.
What was that?
The auto changer?
>> The bump?
>> No, the-- >> The bump Binantic?
>> No, the one to like-- >> Oh, the type adapter.
>> Type adapter.
I think that I've got places to use type adapter,
even in without non-web stuff.
So that's pretty fun.
Anyway, cool, I'm excited.
- Grant, the audience does point out,
tough luck for base models
with an existing model attribute.
There might be some mechanism to rename that or remap that.
There's like an alias you can put on them,
but you say, when you look in the data,
it looks like this, even though the name is that,
but yeah, there might be some trickiness here.
Yeah, at least in an API level, you could be able to fix it.
I don't know about the Python code level,
if that'll help you.
All right, well, anyway, big news, big news,
Pydantic version two is out.
This was on June 30th, but we were off on vacation, Brian.
Mostly my fault, sorry.
- Well, actually- - But I said we didn't cover it.
- It's all right, now that we covered it,
now we can cover the FastAPI's cut up, so.
- Yeah, exactly, wait long enough things,
things come together.
- Well, I wanna talk about talks a little bit,
because I learned something new from Hinnick,
which isn't that unusual.
I often learn a lot of stuff from him.
However, there's an article from him saying,
"Two ways to turbo charge talks."
And it just starts right off the bat with saying,
no, it's not just run parallel
because actually running parallel is pretty cool.
And if you don't know about running parallel,
if you, I usually just use the talks-p to run parallel.
If you can run all of your environments in parallel,
it's super cool to be able to speed it up.
That's the awesomest way to speed it up, I think.
He does note that it's broken for some people.
So Talks 4 has had some,
Talks 4 is awesome and it's got some great new features,
but apparently for some people, Parallel isn't working.
I'm not one of those people.
So most of my, all of my projects that can use Talks
or Parallel seems to be working,
but I'm not using something complicated.
Apparently it's broken for adders, for instance,
or at least it was last time I checked.
Anyway, so what is he, what is he recommending?
if it's not running in parallel, what should you do?
This is something that I didn't really think about before.
So one of the things that talks does
is for each environment that you set up,
like say you've got environments
for three versions of Python,
and it will create a source distribution
of your library or package for each of those.
If you're doing a normal,
like using talks to test a Python package,
it'll build a source distribution for each environment.
Except for that's not really how we use our packages.
We build it once and throw it up on PyPI
and everybody uses the same one
if one supports all three versions of Python.
So he's showing us a way to get around that,
to say, instead of building it on all environments,
go ahead and just build the wheel once.
And so you tell it to build the wheel
instead of a source distribution,
and you tell it where to put it into.
And there's apparently a command line way to do it,
but really it's throw it in your talks, any file,
or if you're using pyproject.toml,
you can throw it there too, of course.
But so there's a wheel build environment
that tells talks what directory to stick it in.
And if it's the same directory for everybody,
it'll get used for all environments.
And this alone sped up quite a few of my workflows,
which is really cool.
Just building it once, using it in,
in testing it in different Python environments.
- Yeah, that's, that's really excellent.
Cause generally the, the wheel's not gonna vary
from 3.9 to 3.10, right?
- Right. Yeah.
In, in a lot of Python only packages,
you're gonna use the same wheel for everything.
And now there are some that use,
have different ones for different versions, I guess.
None of the stuff I work with does.
And they, okay, so that's the first way to speed it up.
What's the second way?
The second way is if you're in one of these camps,
especially one of these camps where
you can't run talks in parallel,
you can still run pytest in parallel.
So he's recommending using pytest xdist and run,
and then use as a plugin,
and then running pytest dash in auto,
or you can give it a number of CPUs or whatever.
And auto just says, pick the number of CPUs you want
and you can run pytest in parallel.
This actually, if you have a fast test suite,
this might slow down your tests.
So be careful, measure it.
However, he has an example in a lot of CPU intensive
test suites, like for instance, if you're using hypothesis
and it's running a lot of tests that are similar.
And yeah, so especially if you're using hypothesis,
I recommend trying out running pytest in parallel
and it can speed things up significantly.
He has an example at the bottom.
Oh, I wanted to cover some of the other things.
If you're doing all these tricks,
you might, it might muck up your coverage collection.
So he's got some stuff here to help you
through cleaning up your coverage, which is great.
Skipping down for the Adder's project, those two tricks,
he started out with 257 seconds
and got it down to 69 seconds using parallel pytest
and building a wheel only.
I had a test suite that was pretty fast anyway,
just 18 seconds.
It did take it down to like five seconds.
So it's worth it just for the heck of it.
Why not?
So thanks.
- Yeah, it's almost five times faster, not bad.
Four times faster.
- Yeah, I mean, right.
If it's low, you don't really think about it,
even if it's multiples.
So, but.
- Yep.
And the bigger the project, the more you care, right?
- Yeah.
And I wasn't using a hypothesis.
I would like to try this out using hypothesis.
It's pretty cool.
Excellent, good one.
All right, before we move on to the next item,
I have a bit of real-time follow-up,
but not real-time follow-up in the traditional sense
where we have audience members.
I just got a message from Roman Wright,
who is the creator of Beanie, the async MongoDB ODM
based on Pydantic.
And he said, "I am releasing a version of Beanie
that supports Pydantic version two soon,
either this week or next week.
So don't want to put him down for a certain time exactly,
but just that project is also moving along
like FastAPI did to support it.
And he said it promises to have quite a bit of a speed up
as you would expect.
- Nice, cool.
That Beanie's a great project.
- It absolutely is.
So how about something totally different like Pydantic?
So this next item is Awesome Pydantic,
a curated list of awesome things related to Pydantic.
So this is kind of an early stage project here.
And it got created five months ago or so,
but I feel like it needs people out there
who have Pydantic things contributing them back.
For example, do we have,
I don't even think like SQL model is listed here
where SQL model is created by Sebastian Ramirez
based on Pydantic and SQLAlchemy, for example.
So there are some notable things though
that are worth pointing out here.
So we have Transformers,
and what's cool is it lists all the stars.
So Transformers has 106,000 stars.
That's crazy, Brian.
- Yeah.
- I mean, if you look at CPython,
I think it has in the realm of 50,000,
Flask does as well.
So Transformers is the state of art,
natural language processing for PyTorch and TensorFlow
based on Pydantic.
- It's more popular than Python.
- Sort of, yes.
I think, you know, how many people are actually trying
to work on Python and the code itself?
But yeah, in a sense.
spaCy, of course, the free open source library
for natural NLP, natural language processing.
That's a pretty cool one.
Gina, Gina, J-I-N-A is geared,
Gina is geared towards building search systems
for any kind of data, including text, image,
audio, video, and more.
That's pretty excellent.
Modular design and multilayer abstractions.
You can leverage efficient patterns
to build different parts of the system
or change them into a flow.
That sounds pretty interesting, right?
- Yeah.
Down here, we have the object mapping.
We have Beanie, as I just called out,
an asynchronous Python object document mapper for MongoDB
based on motor and Pydantic, of course.
What else we got?
We have data model code generator,
which is the foundation of JSON to Pydantic,
which I know that we talked about before.
If you're not familiar with JSON to Pydantic.com,
take some JSON, drop it in there, you get your JSON output.
Here's the big question though, Brian,
what version of Pydantic do you get out?
- I'm guessing not the new one, I don't know.
- I am as well, it probably needs an update, doesn't it?
So hopefully that that comes along there, but data model-
- Well, stick in model in there as an attribute
and see what happens.
- Oh yeah, nope, not doing it.
So data model code generator is the CLI equivalent
that that thing uses behind the scenes.
Let's see. GoodConf.
I don't know how many people know that Pydantic
has a settings management capability,
where you can read variables out of environment variables
and YAML files and so on.
So GoodConf, as in GoodConfig,
GoodConf is a thin wrapper over Pydantic settings management.
So that's pretty cool.
Get a little bit of a cleaner
or more opinionated way to work with settings.
And of course, FastAPI, Django Ninja are listed here
along with some others.
And yeah, I think I'll probably leave it there
as the shadow for all those items.
But there's a bunch of cool stuff in here.
Awesome things you might say that people can check out.
And also, if you have one of these projects
or you're a super fan of one of these projects
and it's not listed here, PRs are accepted, I believe.
- Yeah, cool.
So that was the next thing in the Pydantic journey of today.
- Nice.
Well, I'm gonna go away from Pydantic again,
and I'm gonna talk about command line interface tools.
So I like CLIs.
I kind of spent a lot of time with a terminal open.
And so I thought this was a fun article from Simon Willison,
CLI tools hidden in the Python standard library.
And I think it's also really cool that Simon does a shout
out to Seth Larsen.
Hey Seth.
That Seth pointed out that gzip, the Python gzip module,
you can use it as a CLI tool,
especially handy if you're on Windows
and don't have gzip built in.
You can say Python-M gzip,
and you can with a --decompress
and give it a G zip file and it'll decompress it for you.
There's a whole bunch of other stuff you can do with it,
but it's pretty neat, kind of fun.
So Simon saw this, that Seth pointed this out
and thought, wonder what other stuff
is hiding in the standard library.
So he talks about using rip prep
to search through the standard library.
And I think it's kind of fun that he shows you
how he went about looking for all these things
and then parsed out some stuff
'cause he didn't really care about tests
or turtle or idle because yes,
we know that those have applications,
but what's left is quite a few.
There's quite a few Python modules
within standard library or packages,
modules that do these init things
or have a command line thing.
And so what's kind of interesting
is what he's looking for.
He's looking for packages that have a if name equals main,
because that little trick of if dunder name
equals dunder main,
that means that if it's imported,
it just runs like a library.
But if it's not imported, if it's run directly,
then this will be true.
And whatever's in there will run as a command
and you can do the dash M thing.
And so one of the, a few fun things that he found,
I did know about the server thing,
but I always forget about it.
Python-mhttp.server.
And you can give it a port.
- Yeah, that's nice.
I use that sometimes when things complain
and trying to work with like JavaScript
and a static HTML file or something.
It's like, you need a server for this to work
'cause it wants to just do forward slash something.
So I'll just run that and then like open up the file
right there and then it starts working
instead of trying to go to a lot of trouble.
Just run that in the directory you're working on.
- Yeah, and if you wanna,
one of the fun things with this is
if you wanna just learn a little basic HTML,
maybe JavaScript in CSS,
you can just use this as a local server
to just play around with using all three together.
It's kind of fun.
- Yeah, or maybe you wanna do PyScript
and not actually do JavaScript.
- Oh, yeah.
Yeah, maybe.
So let's go through a few more fun things.
Base64, you can use -m base64 to either encode, decode,
or both.
I'm not sure what both at the same time means.
To try that out, see what it does.
- Maybe you just get the answer back.
(laughing)
- Maybe.
AsyncIO has, will open up a async REPL,
which where you can use a wait
and instead of asyncIO run,
you can call user weight directly.
It's just kind of fun.
Neat to try out async stuff on the REPL.
That sounds hard, but it might be fun.
Tokenize just as a fun thing,
you can use the Python tokenizer on a Python file
just to see what the tokens look like.
That's kind of neat.
AST, I probably would use more.
So you can do -mast on a Python file
and it'll give you a printout of the abstract syntax tree,
which is nice.
This is super handy, I didn't know about this,
json.tool, it's a pretty printer for JSON.
So you can just throw some,
pipe some JSON into it
and get some nice formatted output, kind of nice.
- Yeah, that's really what I wanted to highlight those.
Calendar, I knew about this a long time ago
and I've totally forgot about it.
Python dev dash M calendar will print an ASCII calendar
of the current year.
Why would you need this?
But anyway.
- Because you can Brian, because you can.
- I used this way, way, way long ago to try to,
and then parsed it afterwards to hook up
a dynamic calendar application with clickable dates.
It was terrible.
It was a terrible application, but it was fun.
Anyway.
(laughing)
- That's kind of, I kind of like it though.
I do kind of like it.
- So, oh, in NTP, do you use news groups much?
I don't use news groups.
- I used to news group, but.
- Apparently you can do NTP
and it prints out like some articles.
Interesting.
- In case you want to read from 1994.
(laughing)
One thing I think would,
I think it might be kind of cool if somebody had,
creates a meta package for this kind of stuff
based on this article.
So what I mean is if you set an entry point
in your Python package,
and you install it into your virtual environment
or you pipx install it, it becomes a CLI command, right?
So for example, pyjoke, right?
I could just go up here and type pyjoke,
oh, pipx install pyjoke first,
and it'll give you some kind of,
it'll just call that function, right?
Is it jokes perhaps?
I'm not sure.
Yeah, so if I type pyjoke after installing a pipx install,
versus obfuscated reality mappers,
ORMs can be useful database tools, right?
So, right.
But the fact now I have a single command I give
instead of, you know, Python dash M,
pyjoke, I just type pyjoke, right?
So it would be cool if somebody took this
and created something that I could pipx install
that gave me every single one of these
in a more concise way to call it.
So instead of Python dash M dash, you know,
calendar, just calendar, I can just type calendar
and it runs this, right?
Or I could just type acp.server and it runs that.
So there's something for people to try to come up with
a cleaner way.
There might be some name conflicts.
So you'd have like for gzip, you might need to pgzip
or something, right?
Like that, which would be a little bit annoying, but yeah.
Anyway, it'd be fun if somebody turned these
into like a simpler series of commands and just like,
you got Python, you basically have all these.
- Yeah, it might be kind of difficult.
Maybe a fun thing to try
because you can't just import the module and run it
because then that part doesn't run.
So you have to, yeah.
- Right, you usually have to set up a bunch of entry points
in your package and then give them names
and then basically map them over to calling.
Yeah, but Henry, out in the audience says,
I thought the point is you didn't have to install anything
to use these.
- Right.
- True, true, true.
But you have got to make a bunch of aliases
if you want them real short then.
Anyway, very cool find, right?
- Cheat sheet maybe, a cheat sheet.
- Yes, kind of a cheat sheet.
Thanks, Simon.
Thank you, Seth.
This is cool.
- All right.
Well, those are our things.
Do you have anything extra to share with us?
- I do have some extras.
Back to Pydantic.
(laughing)
So over at Talk Python Training,
we have a brand new course,
a seven hour course for MongoDB
called MongoDB with Async Python.
- Oh fun.
- And the whole idea is it takes Beanie
and it's kind of a comprehensive introduction to MongoDB
but approaches it from using Beanie
which is Pydantic plus Async and Await
talking to MongoDB, how to use indexes,
How do you write queries?
What are the different styles?
We end up building a FastAPI API around that,
as well as do load testing with Locust.
So if you want to kind of see end to end
how to build a modern Python app
based on MongoDB and Beanie, check it out.
Links in the show notes, just talkpython.fm,
click on courses, and you'll find it over there.
So I'm really, really excited.
been working for a long time on this.
It has an early bird special.
So for from today for a week,
you get $10 off or something relative
in your own currency off if you get it this week
and then it goes up a little bit next week.
So really, really fun course.
There's tons of stuff to learn here.
People can check it out if they're interested in this.
And as I said, I was just talking to Roman
and the Beanie should get its
- Yeah, and I think that's a really good point.
I think that's a really good point.
- Nice.
- Another one, did you know that PyPI has a blog?
- No.
- It does.
This one's been sitting around for a little bit.
I meant to talk about it,
but it kept getting edged out by more urgent things.
But back in March, end of March,
there's now a blog.pypi.org that you can go to.
So definitely check that out.
One of the things that's a little bit of a hassle
is if you take this like blog.pypi.org
and you drop it into your RSS reader,
like reader with two E's for me,
it says there's no blog here.
Is there no blog here?
So go to the bottom.
There's a blog.pypi.org/feed_rss_created.xml.
That is what you got to put into RSS reader
if your RSS reader doesn't find it
'cause there's no meta tag for the RSS capabilities.
Maybe someone's over there listening,
go and throw that in,
make that a little bit quicker and simpler
for people to find.
But if you wanna subscribe to it,
that is the business right there.
- Well, if you go to, yeah,
there is a little icon at the bottom right-hand corner,
little RSS thing.
So all the way down there.
Yeah.
So copy link, is that the same address?
Yeah, that's the same address I suggested.
- Cool. - So people, yeah.
But like if there's a meta tag you can put,
so like you'll get a little pop-up
in your different browsers and other things that browse it.
Say, "Hey, just click here to subscribe
or to auto detect it."
Yeah.
- Cool.
- Yeah.
Excellent.
One, I guess one final thing of my extras.
Oh my gosh, there's a lot of pop-ups on Twitter these days.
On Twitter, Luca Schlinge pointed out,
says, "Wow, Meta," as in Facebook,
"Meta commits to dedicate three engineering years
"to implement the removal of the GIL from Python
"and fix upcoming compatibility and performance issues
"as a result of that."
- Oh, awesome.
- How about that?
So I believe, I believe this is the,
703 is the no-GIL work done by Sam Gross, who is at Meta.
And there's been some hesitation like,
well, if we adopt this,
how much things that are based on C and Rust start breaking.
And so it sounds like,
you know, with a couple of paragraphs of information
that they're saying, look, we'll both fix--
- Just do it anyway, we'll fix it later.
- Well, I think it's like, we'll fix the Python
and then maybe, maybe I'm inferring here is like,
and we'll fix the popular packages based on it
that might run into trouble.
I'm not sure.
- Yeah.
- But yeah, so basically three years.
I think they were saying one to two years
of actual calendar time, but with multiple people
who are either core developers or very close
to core developers to make this happen.
- Cool.
- Yeah, so that's big news and those are my extras.
- Nice, I wanted to say congrats to Seth Larson.
So we mentioned him at the beginning of the show
a couple of times during the show. Seth is the new security developer in residence. So
yay, congrats, Seth. So we're linking to an announcement on the PSF blog. And he also
has a blog announcing the change also, a blog post. So pretty cool. I'm excited to see that.
So congrats, Seth.
Yeah, congrats, Seth.
And there's all this discussion about supply chain vulnerabilities
and security and all of those things.
So it's really excellent, and just security in general.
But thanks for coming on to make things better.
Yeah, and nice sweatshirt, Seth.
Cool.
The other thing I wanted to announce is I'm
pretty excited about this last bit.
Python People is live.
So Python People--
- Who are these Python people you speak of?
- Python people.
So I, you know, the first part of like,
I kind of, there's a couple of things
that were inspiring for this.
So it's a new podcast, pythonpeople.fm.
So far, there's one episode with Michael Kennedy,
but there, you, but there's a whole bunch more coming.
And I used to like mostly just want the tech stuff
of a tech podcast, but I kind of really liked
the first part of Talk Python,
where you just like get to know people.
And I thought we should do more of that.
So I wanted to get a podcast together
where we mostly focus on the people
and less about the tech.
So that's what Python People is about.
- Yeah, we talked for like 45 minutes or something,
no, 28 minutes and 44 seconds.
And we almost don't talk about Python at all, right?
- Yeah, a little bit.
Yeah, a little bit about what you do.
So I thought it'd be fun to like pull in like why,
I mean, everybody knows who you are,
but for some people, like what is your connection to Python?
What is your connection to the Python community?
But then also just more about you.
Like we learned about your motorcycling
and about being a pool shark.
(laughing)
Who knew?
- Who knew?
And we talk about skateboarding with you.
So there's like a ton of other cool things
that people might be interested in.
- Yeah, so check it out, please.
And that's all I've got for--
- What if somebody else wants to be a Python people?
Can they reach out to you?
Do you want to be a Python person?
- Yeah, I should put a, like a, be a person or I don't know.
- Be a person.
- Oh, maybe be a guest or something.
Yeah, just reach out to me.
You don't have to be as well known as Michael
because who is, but I'd love to have just like everybody on.
Why not?
- Yeah, good luck with the show.
It's off to a good start.
And it was really fun to be a part of that.
- Cool.
All right, you ready for some O'Reilly?
- Oh yeah, we have a joke.
- We have a joke.
So this is part of the O'Reilly book series.
You know, O'Reilly always has like an animal
or something on there.
And so there's the joke series, O'Reilly?
Question mark?
It's kind of a riffs on that a little bit.
This one is Kubernetes for beginners.
It says, what could go wrong?
And this is in the dev oops category of tech books.
And then the cover is, it says containers, that'll fix it.
And it has that giant evergreen container ship
stuck sideways in the Suez Canal.
What could go wrong?
- Yeah.
And just the title, Kubernetes for Beginners.
No, beginners aren't there yet.
- Yeah, they probably shouldn't be doing Kubernetes,
but that'll fix it.
Awesome.
- You've got a joke for us as well, right?
- Oh yeah, just a random one I heard the other day.
I thought it was terrible.
So I thought I'd share it with the world.
So five ants rent an apartment together.
They invite five other ants to share the rent.
Also, they got tons of room.
So now they're tenants.
- Tenants, got it.
- I love it.
All right, got one more in that vein for you
since I just installed PyJoke.
a single key, a single word on the CLI for me.
So pirates go arg, computer buyers go argv.
How about that?
It's pretty bad.
- Yeah, yeah.
- But also true.
They do that.
- Maybe.
All right, cool.
Fun talking with you again.
Thanks everybody in the interwebs
and on the YouTubes to watching us.
- Yeah, thanks everyone.
Good to be back with you, Brian.
- Bye.
- Yeah, bye.
[BLANK_AUDIO]